You're in a spherical room.
You're in the hall of bones.  Dinosaur bones are everywhere.
You're in a subway tunnel.  Don't touch that third rail!
You're in a railroad tunnel.  A whistle wails in the distance.
You're in an elfin quiche factory.  The elves are out mowing spinach.
You're in an abandoned Plymouth plant.  Beware of Road Runners and Barracudas.
You're in an abandoned Dodge plant.  There is a Dart embedded in the North wall.
You're in a mouse's nest.  You'd best exhale; this is a small room.
You're in a giant crayfish hole.  An immense chicken neck is hanging from a rope.
You're in an abandoned coal mine.  Beware of methane.
You're in the hall of winds.  Presently the wind is from the south.
You're in a stove pipe!
You're in a totally darkened room.  Although you can see nothing the sound of dripping water echoes from the walls.
You're in an industrial waste site.  Hold your breath and don't touch anything.
You're in the warehouse for an extremely popular brand of home computer.  Tacky plastic enclosures abound.
You're in a hobbit's bedroom.  The hobbit does not look pleased!
You're in a troll sewerage processing plant.  The air quality is not good.
You're in a rabbit hole.  There is a jar of marmalade on a shelf in the wall.
You're in the giant's oven.  Fortunately it hasn't been used for years.
You're in a hobbit's drying room.  Tobacco leaves abound.
You're in a large circular room.  It is dark in here.
You're in the Crystal Palace.  Quartz crystals cover the walls.
You're in the Emerald Room.  Green crystals cover the ceiling.
You're in a curtained room.
You're in an air conditioning duct!
You're in a giant kiln.  Smoke stains the walls.
You're in the Hall of Mists.  Wisps of white vapor rise from the floor.
You're in an Aztec pyramid.  A mummy lies in the northwest corner.
You're in the Room of the Eternal Flame.  A large natural gas flame burns in the center of the room.  Coming from the west wall you can barely hear the words 'Fee Fi Fo Fum'.
You're in the Giant's store room.  You are surrounded by old rugs, books, chairs, etc.
You're in the Leprechaun's Treasure Room.  Unfortunately the leprechaun's treasure was stolen years ago.
You're in a large tiled room.  A girl is inquiring after a rabbit.  Feel free to ignore her.
You're in a former nuclear test site.  There is a large pile of rubble in the center of the floor.  The walls are streaked with a multitude of colors.
You're in a drainage system holding tank.  Either it is no longer used or it hasn't rained in a long time; the room is dry.
You're in Mayor Schiro's bomb shelter.
You're in a room with a waterfall.  It is not very impressive; it looks like someone left a water faucet running.
You're in an abandoned Neanderthal home.
You're in a volcanic chimney.  The air is getting warmer.
You're in a pit full of snakes.  Let's get out of here!!!!
You're in a salt dome.
You're in Eleanor Roosevelt's privy.  Wendell Wilkie buttons cover the wall.
You're in Napoleon's wine cellar.  German wines line the shelves.
You're in the space behind the giant's bathroom wall. Large razor blades litter the floor.  Step lightly.
You're in the room where all old toe nail clipping come to rest.  Used corn pads litter the floor.
You're in the Den of the Horta.  The walls are covered with a sticky fluid.  Don't touch it; it is extremely corrosive.
You're in a damp room.  A small creek runs into a crack in the West wall.
You're in what appears to be a NOPSI manhole.
You're in the cafeteria of Mammoth Cave.  The aroma of rancid corned beef assails your nostrils.
You're in a small room with a large table.  On the table is a bottle that says 'Drink me.'
You're in a Confederate States of America bank vault.  Once worthless currency papers the walls.
You're in an abandoned subway station.
You're in a mine shaft.  In the distance you can hear seven high pitched voices singing 'Hi Ho Hi Ho ...'
You're in a Minuteman missile silo.
You're in the giant's mouse trap.  Fortunately you are small enough to escape.
You're in Adolf Hitler's summer bunker.
You're in a dwarf work site.  A sign says Under construction. Enter at your own risk.
You're in the giant's refrigerator.  Dwarf bodies hang from hooks.
You're in the Dragon's Lair.  Slightly melted suits of armor litter the floor.
You're in a nuclear waste depository.  The walls glow faintly.
You're in Millard Fillmore's tomb.  It is dull.
You're in an abandoned corridor of the Strategic Air Command Headquarters.  A graffito reads Beware of Bat Guano.
You're in a gnome's workshop.  Half-completed whoopee cushions line the tables.
You're in the Mummy's Tomb.  You've triggered some mechanism and the ceiling is slowly descending.
You're in the Underground Gourmet's retreat.  Twinkie and King Don wrappers are piled knee deep.
You're in a Hoola Hoop warehouse.  The words Shoop Shoop echo from the walls.
You're in the first circle of hell.  The living are not allowed here.
You're in the hall of the pixies.  The furniture appears to have been made from cradles.
You're in a sulfur mine.  Molten sulfur churns in a nearby pit. It is becoming difficult to breathe.
You're in a fairy mushroom farm.  Brilliantly colored mushrooms cover the floor.
You're in an ice cave.  Along the western wall a brontosaurus is defrosting.
You're in the giant's stove.  Fortunately the giant now owns a microwave oven.
You're in the rib cage of a long deceased whale.
You're in a room with six walls.  The walls appear to be made of wax.  A loud buzzing noise can be heard.
You're in the tomb of a Pharaoh.  It has obviously been visited by others; the tomb is in a state of total disarray.
You're in a coal bin.  There is a fossilized fern stump here.
You're in a diamond mine.  It is uncomfortably hot here.
You're in the bottom of an oil well.  The walls are slick.
You're in the lowest level of Project Mohole.  The funding bubble burst before the earth did.
You're in the giant's cesspool.  Fortunately the giant was connected to the city sewerage system years ago.
You're in an eighteenth century sewer.  The walls are crumbling brick.  Small alligators snap at your feet.
You're in the lair of a giant trapdoor spider.
You're in a giant gopher tunnel.
You're in a shell -- the sole remains of a prehistoric turtle.
You're in a small chamber.  The walls are made of earth.  The air smells of formic acid.  A strange squeaking noise can be heard in the distance.
You're in a chamber of columns.  The stalagmites and stalactites join here.
You're in a service tunnel.  Ducts pipes and cables are everywhere.
You're in a gas tank below an abandoned service station.  No smoking!
You're in a huge dark chamber.  To one side a dark muddy river moves sluggishly.  A sign written in ancient Greek says Ferry out of order.
You're in a small chamber. It is brightly lit by a peculiar lichen growing on the walls and ceiling.  The floor is rocky and steeply sloping.  Nearby a cold clear creek boils into the floor and out of sight.
You're in the nest of a very large pack rat.  There are discarded aluminum Christmas trees, broken steel utility poles, and other shiny worthless items here.
You're in a dungeon.  An iron maiden, a rack, a piano, and other machines of torture can be seen.
You're in the hall of bats.  Thousands of bats hang from the ceiling.  Watch your step; the droppings are quite deep in places.
You're in a hobgoblin's hideaway.
You're in an electrical substation.  A transformer is humming loudly.  Nearby cables crackle with high voltage.
You're in the gold room.  The walls are covered with iron pyrite.
You're in a room with one of Dracula's emergency coffins.  The Count is out.
You're in a saltpeter mine.  To one side there is a huge wooden evaporation vat.  Small crystals of saltpeter cause the walls to sparkle.
You're in the basement cafeteria of a local hospital.  Some say that there has been nothing edible here for years.
You're in a troll arsenal.  Kegs of gun powder surround you.
You're in r/place. The void is about to consume you.
You're in Doug's office. Unfortunately he isn't there.
You're in mirror maze. You can see your reflection in many different directions.
You're in the Oval Office.
You're in a restaurant. You hear a yell from the distance: "WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE?"
You're in Velzy Commons. It is currently being used for Plattecon.
You're in a room full of unicorns. Doug would love it here.
You're in a hyperbolic time chamber. Time moves more slowly here.
You're in the Library of Ohara. Bookshelves cover every wall.
You're in a room that would be completely empty if not for a bottle of lamb sauce lying on the ground.
You're in a room so colossal you can't see the other end.
You're in an abandoned mental asylum. There were clearly Satanic rituals performed here.
You're in a room so dark you can't see anything.
You're in a room with thin walkways surrounded by deep pits. Better walk carefully.
You're in a room where everything is upside down. This room must be in Australia.